README.md, before:

[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Fasamii/sobsob.nvim?style=flat-square&logo=github)](https://github.com/Fasamii/sobsob.nvim/stargazers)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Fasamii/sobsob.nvim?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)
# SobSob
A wildcharm inspired color scheme for vim and nvim
## Examples
![Rust Example](examples/Rust.png)

<details>
<summary>more examples</summary>

![Js-Ts Example](examples/Js.png)
![C Example](examples/C.png)
![Hypr Example](examples/Hypr.png)
![Telescope](examples/Telescope.png)

</details>

## Installation 
### lazy.nvim (Recommended)
```lua
require("lazy").setup({
    "Fasamii/sobsob.nvim",
    priority = 1000,
    lazy = false,
    opts = {},
})
```
### Vim-plug
```lua
Plug 'Fasamii/sobsob.nvim'
```
### Packer
```lua
use {
    'Fasamii/sobsob.nvim',
    config = function()
        vim.cmd.colorscheme("sobsob")
    end
}
```
## Configuration
### specific highlight groups
```lua
opts = {
    hi = {
        Normal = { bg = "#ff00ff", fg = "#000000" }
    }
}
```
### Or you can override specific colors in the palette
```lua
opts = {
    cp = {
        red = "#00ff00",
    }
}

```
if you don't like some specific colors in all highlights just change it via cp = { [color] =
[your color] } and don't bother to change all highlight groups
# Supported plugins
- [x] Treesitter
- [x] Telescope
- [x] Render-markdown
- [x] Gitsigns
- [x] Which-key
- [x] Nvim-dap-view
- [ ] Lualine (you have to set custom hl groups in lualine config(LL_I_A, LL_I_B etc...)) (but hi
groups for lualine are defined)

---

<div align="center">

⭐ Star this repo if you like SobSob❗ ⭐
[Report Bug](https://github.com/Fasamii/sobsob.nvim/issues) • [Request Feature](https://github.com/Fasamii/sobsob.nvim/issues)

</div>

Commit message:

added refferences to readme file

README.md, after:

[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Fasamii/sobsob.nvim?style=flat-square&logo=github)](https://github.com/Fasamii/sobsob.nvim/stargazers)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Fasamii/sobsob.nvim?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)
# SobSob
A wildcharm inspired color scheme for vim and nvim
## Examples
![Rust Example](examples/Rust.png)

<details>
<summary>more examples</summary>

![Js-Ts Example](examples/Js.png)
![C Example](examples/C.png)
![Hypr Example](examples/Hypr.png)
![Telescope](examples/Telescope.png)

</details>

## Installation 
### lazy.nvim (Recommended)
```lua
require("lazy").setup({
    "Fasamii/sobsob.nvim",
    priority = 1000,
    lazy = false,
    opts = {},
})
```
### Vim-plug
```lua
Plug 'Fasamii/sobsob.nvim'
```
### Packer
```lua
use {
    'Fasamii/sobsob.nvim',
    config = function()
        vim.cmd.colorscheme("sobsob")
    end
}
```
## Configuration
### specific highlight groups
```lua
opts = {
    hi = {
        Normal = { bg = "#ff00ff", fg = "#000000" }
    }
}
```
To check highlights read [highlights.lua](https://gitnub.com/Fasamii/sobsob.nvim/blob/main/lua/sobsob/highlights.lua) file
### Or you can override specific colors in the palette
```lua
opts = {
    cp = {
        red = "#00ff00",
    }
}

```
if you don't like some specific colors in all highlights just change it via cp = { [color] =
[your color] } and don't bother to change all highlight groups
To check color palette and existing colors read [colors.lua](https://github.com/Fasamii/sobsob.nvim/blob/main/lua/sobsob/colors.lua) file
# Supported plugins
- [x] Treesitter
- [x] Telescope
- [x] Render-markdown
- [x] Gitsigns
- [x] Which-key
- [x] Nvim-dap-view
- [ ] Lualine (you have to set custom hl groups in lualine config(LL_I_A, LL_I_B etc...)) (but hi
groups for lualine are defined)

---

<div align="center">

⭐ Star this repo if you like SobSob❗ ⭐
[Report Bug](https://github.com/Fasamii/sobsob.nvim/issues) • [Request Feature](https://github.com/Fasamii/sobsob.nvim/issues)

</div>
